Docs(Update): Fixed errors (#111)
crescentpartha/CheatSheets-for-Developers: README.md

# CheatSheets-for-Developers

> A Collection of programming [Cheat Sheets](./CheatSheets/) for developers to review quickly while working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Collection of programming [CheatSheets](./CheatSheets/) for developers to quick review while working.
```
